update changelog with 5.1.2 fixes (#54537)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: CHANGELOG.md

### Fixed

-

### Removed

-

## 5.1.2

### Fixed

> - Update scip version to include a more resilient canonicalization pass for SCIP documents. [#54304](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/54304)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixes a crash when uploading indexes with malformed source ranges (this was a bug in scip-go). [#54304](https://github.com/sourcegraph/sourcegraph/pull/54304)
```
